S24 Modified Fort space on R is hereditarily paracompact and strongly zero-dimensional (#1434)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000024/properties/P000216.md

---
space: S000024
property: P000216
value: true
---

> Any subspace of this space is either a subspace of {S154} or it's the whole space.

Reviewer: Subspaces of S24 may contain two infinite points, which is neither subspace of {S154} or ⊤.
```suggestion
Any infinite subspace of {S24} is homeomorphic to one of {S3}, {S154} or {S24}, where all of them are {P30}.
```

> Any open subspace of this space is either a subspace of {S154} or it's the whole space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any open subspace of this space is either homeomorphic to a subspace of {S154} or homeomorphic to {S24} itself.
```
